[7983] Change apostrophes from straight to curly style (#5043)
DFE-Digital/register-trainee-teachers: docs/adr/0006-academic-cycles.md

## Decision

> We need a way to "associate" all of the given entities above to reliably know a trainee’s academic cycle and the associated funding rules applied for that cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need a way to “associate” all of the above entities to reliably determine a trainee’s academic cycle and the associated funding rules applied for that cycle.
```
